README.md, before:

## A main() function for cross-platform command-line programs.

This package solves two of the difficulties with porting UNIX
command-line programs to Windows:

1.  It allows unicode arguments via wmain(), and converts them to utf-8.
2.  It automatically expands the wildcards * and ? in the arguments.

To use this package, simply include the "mainmacro.h" header file, and
then use MAINMACRO() instead of main(), as shown in this example:

    #include "mainmacro.h"
    
    MAINMACRO(argc, argv)
    {
      // do stuff
      return 0;
    }

The arguments received will be encoded as utf-8 (having been converted
from the Windows-native utf-16).

Wildcard expansion will not automatically catch files that begin with ".".
So if a directory contains these files:

    .gitignore
    file1.txt
    file2.txt

Then the "dot" file will be skipped if the command is called like this:

    C:\> example *
    file1.txt
    file2.txt

But it will not be skipped if the command is called like this:

    C:\> example .*
    .gitignore

Commit message:

Add a list of arguments that should not be expanded.

README.md, after:

## A main() function for cross-platform command-line programs.

This package solves two of the difficulties with porting UNIX
command-line programs to Windows:

1.  It allows unicode arguments via wmain(), and converts them to utf-8.
2.  It automatically expands the wildcards * and ? in the arguments.

It is possible to turn off the wildcard expansion for certain arguments.

To use this package, simply include the "mainmacro.h" header file, and
then use MAINMACRO() instead of main(), as shown in this example:

    #include "mainmacro.h"
    
    MAINMACRO(argc, argv)
    {
      // do stuff
      return 0;
    }

The arguments received will be encoded as utf-8 (having been converted
from the Windows-native utf-16).

Wildcard expansion will not automatically catch files that begin with ".".
So if a directory contains these files:

    .gitignore
    file1.txt
    file2.txt

Then the "dot" file will be skipped if the command is called like this:

    C:\> example *
    file1.txt
    file2.txt

But it will not be skipped if the command is called like this:

    C:\> example .*
    .gitignore
